please disconnect the power and remove
the battery before change an LCD panel
then remove the four rubber screw covers
then remove the four bethel screws
go ahead and remove the bezel start from
the side and move to the top gently pry
in the plastic away from the screen on
this acer there hinge covers permanently
attached to the bezel you have to be
very careful when snapping those out
pull them to the outer edge of the
laptop while trying to lift the bezel
okay now that the bezel is removed to
make the installation easier reattach to
bezel screws to the top frame pieces so
the top cover does not detach from the
frame now we can remove the four smaller
screws holding the screen in once done
carefully snap the screen away from the
top cover and lay it on the keyboard you
may have to free the video cable from
the aluminum tabs on the top cover just
below the bottom edge of the screen to
prevent the extra pole on the video
cable lift and set aside the webcam
cable then carefully disconnect the
video cable there might be a piece of
tape covering the video connector it's
not essential and can be permanently
removed and replaced with regular tape
discard the old panel line the keyboard
with a cloth or a paper towel if the
replacement screen does not have any
protective film on it place the new
panel on the keyboard this is an LED
backlit screen it does not use an
inverter your screen might have an extra
connector which has to be plugged in LED
and ccfl cold cathode fluorescent light
screens are not interchangeable
reconnect the video cable make sure to
line up the connector perfectly and
gently snap it in be extra careful when
attaching the video cable both
connectors are very fragile line up the
webcam cable and secure it with regular
tape
then lift the screen up minding the
protective film tabs snap it into the
frame
and remove the film
secure the screen with four screws
then remove the two bezel screws which
were put in there for the ease of
install tuck away the cables running
along the perimeter then reinstall the
bezel for the proper fit snap in the
hinge covers and secure the top edge
first then move along both sides mind
any protruding cables and don't apply
too much force
then reinstall the puzzle screws
and the rubber screw covers
flips the laptop over and check that the
bottom edge of the bezels properly
snapped in
reinstall the battery reconnect the
power
and put the laptop up once the startup
graphics appear you'll know that the
screen has been properly installed at
this point you can cancel the boot up by
holding the power button and you're done